Prakhar Saxena | CS 472 Homework # 4 | November 17, 2020 | README

Introduction
THis assignment was implemented over a week using the following software and tools:
    - PyCharm
    - ViM
    - git (GitHub)
    - Windows Terminal
    - Tux

The assignment includes two files, 'ftpserver.py' and 'Logger.py'. It implements the server side of an FTP server.
I tried to satisfy all the requirements, however I fell sick to COVID last weekend, and have recently recovered.
I spent a lot of time answering the written questions, so I couldn't spend much time debugging this program.

Either way, i was able to accomplish some major requirements of the assignment.

Accomplishments:
    - Command line processing
    - Handling arguments provided
    - all commands working
    - Handled all the errors to my knowledge; try-expected everywhere.
    - Logging
    - Questions; answered in a separate document

Difficulties and missed accomplishments:
Unfortunately due to time constraints, I wasn't able to test every single case of my server.
But I've documented and commented it well, so that I can take a shot at it after this term, when I have more time,
because it would keep bugging me.

A challenge I faced was that my program would print the local host ip of 127.0.1.1; it worked fine on my windows machine.
log_file is a good evidence for that. I still didn't figure out how to get that working on tux, however I will attach
screenshots to aid understanding of the problem I was dealing.

I implemented the algorithms properly, but I wasn't able to run all the commands properly due to environment reasons I
described earlier.

I have all the commands running except for retr, stor and list. I couldn't achieve it because of unknown reason, that I
couldn't figure out due to time and my health constraints.

For the config file, I have hardcoded the path for the file in the program directory itself. I understand that this is
not the ideal way, but again I had unforeseen constraints.

I would however say that if a third person looks at my code, they will be able to figure out what each component is
responsible for.

How to run the program:
I have created a makefile for your ease. All you have to do is type:
    make
It should print out the IP and port that this server is then running on. You can copy that and run it using your
ftp client. Now you can run all the commands required of the server.
log in with the same credentials as Professor's FTP server, i.e.:
    Name: cs472
    Password: hw2ftp

Anyway, I would recommend running this program on windows.

You can find the logs in:
    log_file
In order to clean the log_file you can just run:
    make clean

The 'Questions to be answered' are in a pdf in the same directory.

Cheers

Prakhar Saxena